This Batman and Robin. They saved the Earth, they saved Gotham, and they saved our city! They've been due to the foundation for awarding $100,000.
The money is falling from the sky! This is a thank you for saving Gotham City.
They're some heroes. They'll help us forever. They're number 1. Now, I have a few questions: Guys, may the powers be with you.
Always.
Klasky Csupo!
You're watching the GoAnimate Movie Channel.
Well, Kayla, I guess it's just you and me tonight.
Catherine, I think I'm watching this movie.
This is good pizza.
We're gonna see an intro.
2 tickets to freedom on sea.
Our new home.
The GoAnimate Sound System brings all the best sounds for our movies here on the GoAnimate Movie Channel. Without them, our movies would have no sound at all.
Thanks, GoAnimate Sound System.
The GoAnimate Broadcasting Incorporated brings on sess and makes the daily schedules for both GoAnimate Movie Channel and Xtranormal Movie Channel.
Thanks, GoAnimate Broadcasting Incorporated.
The GoAnimate Animation Studios runs us everyday. They provide closed captioning, and audio description for our movies on GoAnimate Movie Channel.
Thanks, GoAnimate Animation Studios. You're watching the GoAnimate Movie Channel.
The GoAnimate Movie Channel will be signing off in a few minutes, so we'll say a few things before we go.
The GoAnimate Movie Channel has been known by the GoAnimate Broadcasting Incorporated and has been rated by the GoAnimate Animation Studios.
So we'll salute you in with a goodbye for tonight.
We'll be back at 6:00 AM in the morning. Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Farewell and goodnight.
See you at 6:00 AM in the morning.
Welcome to SuperChannel.